DataForm: mark fields as required or optional automatically (#74430)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/dataviews/CHANGELOG.md

- DataViews: Fix fields async validation. [#74948](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/74948)

### Enhancements

> - DataForm: Add `markWhenOptional` auto-compute logic to show minority field labels. [#74430](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/74430)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DataForm: Add automatic field labeling - forms now automatically mark the minority of fields (required or optional) to reduce visual noise. [#74430](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/74430)
```

### Enhancements

> - DataForm: Add automatic field labeling - forms now automatically mark the minority of fields (required or optional) to reduce visual noise. [#74430](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/74430)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is updating a section of the changelog for an old release.
